plot: mario enters into glitched multiverse of games and tries to fix it;

//to add snake,pokemon

Intro cutscene:
    flappy bird flying into the game(cinematic zoom effect)
    and after one try player stops playing to speak(irl).
    Meanwhile the bird keeps falling again and again,after some time there is a rage bar that appears into the game
    flappy bird transforms into angry bird and starts creating havoc,breaking pipes.
    
    Meanwhile,mario was about to kill bowser but glitches into different games and lands into tetris.
    Mario breaks 4th wall and says that he needs to save peach but first he need to find the cause and stop this glitch,
    for this he needs some help so get a friend or enemy to help. 

main screen to choose to watch story(goto Intro), host , client
    mario asks to choose what to control 
    -Mario(p1)
    -Suprise(Games)(p2)

main game starts:
    tetris: 
        p2:blocks to climb
        mario says he sees an exit at the top 
        Objective:Reach the top(without smashing mario)

    after reaching top mario finds himself in a maze 

    maze:
        p2:light up the maze(proximity light)
        Objective: find path to center
    
    glitches into pacman universe 

    pacman:
        p2:pacman
        pacman gets scared by seeing mario (what an something pacman isnot scared of ghost bot of mario).
        He says help me and i will help You.
        Objective:Collect all orbs

    after collecting orbs pacman says that this glitches are because of destruction caused by flappy(angry bird).
    be careful with the bird do not ... you will need to .....
    mario glitches away into mario world (a lot of glitches like dr.strange mom (hillclimb, mariocart,))
    p1 takes him into pipe where he exits into broken flappybird world
    he gltiches again back to tetris where there is a dragon 

    tetris:
        p2:blocks
        dragon is attacking mario 
        Objective:defend mario with blocks and attack dragon

    attack him angers him more
    after getting some damage the dragon attacks the wifi sign below because of which it seems p2 is tring to reconect
    now mario is cornered by dragon but suddenly glitch causes dino to appear which saves mario.
    Meanwhile p2 gets connected back and gets access of the dino.
    glitch causes entire dino game to appear .
    the bird says lets see how long can you survive

    dino:
        p2:dinosaur
        Objective:Survive

        few moment later glitches of jetpack joyride gives mario jetpack
        dragon starts attacking in air for mario its dodge both

    dragon:says nice
    some time later glitches into piano tile 

    piano tiles:
        p1:moves mario, p2: jumps??or dino in more complex tunes
        Objective:survive and soothe bird 
        this drops rage barand dragon transforms into angry bird.

    gltiches into tower stack 

    stack:
        p1:jumps ,p2:stacks
        Objective:stack few nice shots
        this helps angry bird calm down to flappybird

    game gltiches to broken flappybird , bird is sad after seeing the destroyed home
    mario says player will help fix this dont worry

    Jigsaw puzzle:
        p1:mario moves pieces p2:mouse moves pieces
        Objective:complete the puzzle

    he says you guys seem great gamer since your childhood 
    will you help me reach the end of the bird world

    p1 and p2 chooses from
    -sure
    -will try our best
    -sry maybe find someone else
    -(speak truth)there is no end to your world(result is fun but not as fun as the process before it)

    o1-falling causes restarting the game(retry)
    o2-falling causes mario to tell the truth(win)
    o3-sadly bird goes away game seems to end but mario says you hurted that bird 
    but not to worry you have greatest power
    the power to try again with better outcome(retry)
    o4-bird understands and stay happy(win)
    mario returns through pipe and the game fades off to credits

    to add snake,pokemon